New rule/deployment outer scope evaluation (#1743)
Azure/PSRule.Rules.Azure: docs/en/rules/Azure.Deployment.OuterSecret.md

---
reviewed: 2022-06-12
severity: Critical
pillar: Security
category: Infrastructure provisioning
resource: Deployment
online version: https://azure.github.io/PSRule.Rules.Azure/en/rules/Azure.Deployment.OuterSecret/
---

# Secret value in deployment output

## SYNOPSIS

Do not use Outer deployments when references SecureString or SecureObject parameters.

## DESCRIPTION

> Template child deployments can be scoped as either `outer` or `inner`. The `outer` scope uses parameters from the parent
> template which can be render into clear text. This exposes the secure information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Template child deployments can be scoped as either `outer` or `inner`.
When using `outer` scope evaluated deployments, parameters from the parent template are used directly within nested templates instead of enforcing `secureString` and `secureObject` types.

When passing secure values to nested deployments always use `inner` scope deployments to ensure secure values are not logging.

Bicep modules always use `inner` scope evaluted deployments.
```

## RECOMMENDATION

> Consider scoping the deployment to `inner` instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Consider using `inner` deployments to prevent secure values from being exposed.
```
